Add docs for custom policy tagging (#1173)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/agent-policies.asciidoc

Existing data is not deleted.
Any agents assigned to a policy must be unenrolled or assigned to a different policy before a policy can be deleted.

[discrete]
[[add-custom-fields]]
== Add custom fields

> Use this setting to add a custom field and value set to all data collected from the {agents} enrolled in an {agent} policy. This is useful when you want to identify or visualize all of the data from a group of agents, and possibly manipulate it downstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this setting to add a custom field and value set to all data collected from the {agents} enrolled in an {agent} policy. 
Custom fields are useful when you want to identify or visualize all of the data from a group of agents, and possibly manipulate the data downstream.
```

Reviewer: Applies Asciidoctor's one sentence per line recommendation. 
Replaces  some pronouns with more descriptive words for better SEO and easier parsing.

To add a custom field:

. In {fleet}, click **Agent policies**.
Select the name of the policy you want to edit.

. Click the **Settings** tab and scroll to **Custom fields**.

. Click **Add field**.

. Specify a field name and value.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/agent-policy-custom-field.png[Sceen capture showing the UI to add a custom field and value]

> . Click **Add another field** for additional fields, or click **Save changes** when you're done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click **Add another field** for additional fields. Click **Save changes** when you're done.
```

Reviewer: Remove "or" to allow for either/or case.

To edit a custom field:

. In {fleet}, click **Agent policies**.
Select the name of the policy you want to edit.

. Click the **Settings** tab and scroll to **Custom fields**. Any custom fields that have been configured are shown.

. Click the edit icon to update a field or click the delete icon to remove it.

> Note that for a small set of inputs, adding custom tags is not supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that adding custom tags is not supported for a small set of inputs:
```

Reviewer: To keep description closer to the list.
